well howdy there internet people its Bo
Agera so as suggested might happen last
night the Parliament of Iraq passed a
resolution telling the United States to
get out these resolutions are
non-binding but the Prime Minister asked
for it so they did see the writing on
the wall realized that they were about
to become the battleground for the proxy
war between the United States and Iran
and they want no part of it the
resolution states that foreign troops
should have no access to their land
waters or air what that means in English
is that Trump managed to lose the war
with Iran and the Iraq war at the same
time doesn't matter what happens with
Iran now they have more influence over
Iraq and everything after December of
2003 when Saddam was caught everything
in Iraq was about turning Iraq into an
ally and now not just do they not want
to us there
they don't want he even let us use their
airspace one decision lost two wars well
at least he finally has better numbers
than Obama I don't know that any
presidents ever done that so that that's
where we're at
he managed to turn more than a decade
and a half of endless struggle for what
I believe to be a ridiculous reason into
a complete farce if I did not believe
that any president even Trump could make
the Iraq war worse and I was wrong that
was wrong
yeah it was all the waste it's all for
nothing even understand the war itself
was on false pretenses and all of that
stuff right take all of that away
the establishment viewpoint was to go
long-term and turn it into an ally turn
the country of Iraq into an ally it was
the idea that's why we spent all of this
time there by the establishment theory
now even that is a failure because of
one decision lost the war with Iran and
Iraq it doesn't matter what happens now
it doesn't matter if he launches a dozen
airstrikes against Iran levels Tehran it
doesn't matter they want they want they
managed to go back in time and take 15
years of military expenditure and waste
it
they won there is no way for Trump to
win this now even if Iraq doesn't
actually force the issue and push the
United States out they're not our friend
they're not our ally and they're never
gonna be that resolution passed they
want us gone they don't want us to have
access to their airspace we're not going
to be friends why because we abused that
access we used that access to their
airspace to commit an assassination on a
foreign national who incidentally we now
know was traveling to meet the Iraqi
Prime Minister so yeah there we go
making America great again one day at a
time I guess
so I'm gonna play Legos with my kids or
something
build something hopefully they won't
destroy it
like children often do when they react
rather than respond anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day